Improve links, (http:// -> https://), improve link (#2941)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: README.md

### Templates

> The Kotlin website uses [Jinja2](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/) templates from the [templates](templates) directory.

Reviewer: Not quite sure about the specified version?
@nikpachoo maybe it's better to specify the latest here? `https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/latest/` ?

Reviewer 2: We don’t use the latest version; the link to 2.11.x is fine.

For the Kotlin documentation, follow [these guidelines on style and formatting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mUuxK4xwzs3jtDGoJ5_zwYLaSEl13g_SuhODdFuh2Dc/edit?usp=sharing).

For other pages, follow the complete syntax reference at the [kramdown site](https://kramdown.gettalong.org/syntax.html).

> You can also include metadata fields. Learn more in the [Jekyll docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also include metadata fields. Learn more in the [Jekyll docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/).
```

Reviewer: Let's escape unnecessary redirects here

Author: Well spotted, changed as requested.
